Update changelog v11.3.0 (#21402)
MetaMask/metamask-extension: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [11.3.0]
### Added
- Display total fiat balance on home screen ([#20941](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/20941))
- Give the user the ability to opt out of 3rd party network validation when adding a new network ([#20816](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/20816))
- Adds conversion buttons to buy, receive, and learn more about NFTs when an account is empty. ([#21049](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/21049))
- What's New modal for the latest Buy and Sell features ([#20965](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/20965))

> - [Flask] Add snaps name provider ([#20959](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/20959))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Flask] Suggest names for Ethereum addresses in signature requests using name resolution snaps ([#20959](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/20959))
```

- Replaces the "Add / Import / Hardware" links with a single button that takes the user to another quick modal to add, import, or connect a hardware wallet.([#21081](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/21081))
- Disable the "Buy" button on the Sepolia network ([#20839](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/20839))
- Update the "Buy" button to a "Buy & Sell" button ([#20891](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/20891))
- Only display the Notification item in the dropdown menu if the user has installed a snap using the notifications permission ([#20913](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/20913))
- Update Snaps Settings designs ([#21061](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/21061))
- Site connection icon now indicates a connection if a dapp is connected to a snap ([#20811](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/20811))
- Update copy on the remove snap modal ([#21065](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/21065))
- Update the padding of the transaction insight dropdown ([#21022](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/21022))

> - [Flask] Use name component in signature requests ([#20831](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/20831))

Reviewer: Not sure if `petnames` is a meaningful concept to the user so either:

`Use petnames to display and suggest names for Ethereum addresses in signature requests`

Or maybe:

`Suggest names for Ethereum addresses in signature requests using services such as ENS and Etherscan`

> - [FLASK] Bump snaps packages ([#20976](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/20976))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
Feel free to remove this, nothing particularly interesting and user facing in this bump
